module.exports = ("<h2 id=\"cli\">CLI</h2>\n<p>bit-imports provides you with a CLI to help you prebuild your assets, which is a good option for production deployments.</p>\n<p>The CLI uses subarg syntax to configure input files, plugins, output directory, and all the other settings available via the JavaScript API.</p>\n<h3 id=\"configure\">Configure</h3>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th>Param</th>\n<th>Default</th>\n<th>Description</th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>files</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>Input files to be processed.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>out</td>\n<td>process.stdout</td>\n<td>Can be a string for a directory to write proccessed assets to or a stream. If you don&#39;t specify an output directory then each module will be written to process.stdout as JSON lines</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>watch</td>\n<td>false</td>\n<td>Enable file watching for automatically reprocessing <em>only</em> changed files. The value can be a boolean for enabling the feature or a configuration object for fine tuning the file watcher. Internally the file watcher is <a href=\"https://github.com/paulmillr/chokidar\">chokidar</a>, and all configurations provided will be passed right along to it. By default, chokidar is configured to <em>not</em> follow symlinks. Also, by default dot files, dot directories, and node_modules are all excluded from the watcher</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>ignores</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>Modules to exlcude from the transform and dependency pipelines</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>excludes</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>Modules to exclude from output if not found</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>plugins</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>List of plugins for processing your assets</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<blockquote>\n<p>All options besides <code>files</code>, <code>out</code>, and <code>watch</code> are passed right along to bit-imports. So please checkout the JavaScript API to see more details about each available option.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<h4 id=\"basic-example\">Basic example</h4>\n<pre><code>$ bitimports site/bitimportsfile.js\n</code></pre><h4 id=\"example-with-ignore-and-multiple-files\">Example with ignore and multiple files</h4>\n<p>In this example we are loading two JavaScript files and all html files in the <code>site</code> directory. The configuration also excludes the module with name <code>three</code> and the module with fileName <code>bitimportsfiles.js</code> from the processing pipelines. The processed assets are written to the <code>build</code> directory.</p>\n<pre><code>$ bitimports --files [ site/bitimportsfile.js site/main.js site/*.html ] --ignores [ --name three --fileName bitimportsfile.js ] --out build\n</code></pre><h4 id=\"example-with-a-plugin-defition\">Example with a plugin defition</h4>\n<p>Building on the previous example, we are now going to configure a plugin for processing files with <code>js</code> extension using babeljs. We use <code>babel-bits</code> to facilitate bit-imports and babeljs interop.</p>\n<pre><code>$ bitimports --files [ site/bitimportsfile.js site/main.js site/*.html ] --ignores [ --name three --fileName bitimportsfile.js ] --plugins [ --name js --extensions js --transform babel-bits ] --out build\n</code></pre><h4 id=\"example-processing-the-output-with-json-http-trentm-com-json-command-line-tool\">Example processing the output with <a href=\"http://trentm.com/json/\">json</a> command line tool</h4>\n<p>When an output directory is not specified each module is written to process.stdout as JSON. This way each module can be piped to other utilities such as this <a href=\"http://trentm.com/json/\">json</a> tool to process the output. In the example below the result is piped to the <a href=\"http://trentm.com/json/\">json</a> tool and extract all the file names from the modules.</p>\n<pre><code>$ bitimports --files [ site/bitimportsfile.js site/main.js site/*.html ] --ignore [ --name three --fileName bitimportsfile.js ] --plugins [ --name js --extensions js --transform babel-bits ] | json -ga fileName\n</code></pre>");