module.exports = ("<h2 id=\"grunt-task\">Grunt Task</h2>\n<p>bit-imports provisions you with a grunt plugin that allows you to pre-process your web application and save all the processed assets to a folder. This way you can transpile your SASS, coffeescript, ES6 code with Babel, or whatever else have you and deploy the transpiled code. Your application&#39;s modules can then be loaded dynamically without transpiling your assets each time they are loaded.</p>\n<h3 id=\"configure\">Configure</h3>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th>Option</th>\n<th>Default</th>\n<th>Descrition</th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>files</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>Configuration, or array of configurations with src files to be loaded and a dest to write processed assets to.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>files.src</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>Array of source file to load. Supports <a href=\"https://github.com/isaacs/node-glob\">glob</a> syntax</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>files.cwd</td>\n<td>process.cwd()</td>\n<td>Current working directory to read source files relative to</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>files.dest</td>\n<td>process.cwd()</td>\n<td>Directory to copy processed assets to.  If a value isn&#39;t provided, then each module is written to process.stdout as JSON lines</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>watch</td>\n<td>false</td>\n<td>Enable file watching for automatically reprocessing <em>only</em> changed files. The value can be a boolean for enabling the feature or a configuration object for fine tuning the file watcher. Internally the file watcher is <a href=\"https://github.com/paulmillr/chokidar\">chokidar</a>, and all configurations provided will be passed right along to it. By default, chokidar is configured to <em>not</em> follow symlinks. Also, by default dot files, dot directories, and node_modules are all excluded from the watcher</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>ignores</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>Modules to exlcude from the transform and dependency pipelines</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>excludes</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>Modules to exclude from output if not found</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>plugins</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>List of plugins for processing your assets</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<blockquote>\n<p>All options besides <code>files</code> and <code>watch</code> are passed right along to bit-imports. So please checkout the JavaScript API to see more details about each available option.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<h4 id=\"setup-with-babel-bits\">Setup with babel-bits</h4>\n<p>The example below shows a Gruntfile that reads in JavaScript and transpiles it with Babel. It also reads other files that don&#39;t have transforms configured, so they are just copied over to the destination directory along with the transpiled JavaScript.</p>\n<p>First we gotta install all the deps.</p>\n<pre><code>$ npm install bit-imports babel-bits --save-dev\n</code></pre><blockquote>\n<p>babel-bits simplifies bit-imports and babel configuration and interop. But please feel free to setup your own <code>babel-core</code> to your liking.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Then we configure the bit-imports Grunt task.</p>\n<pre><code class=\"lang-javascript\">module.exports = function(grunt) {\n  var pkg = require(&quot;./package.json&quot;);\n\n  // Load up bit-imports grunt task and pass it the current grunt instance.\n  require(&quot;bit-imports/tasks/grunt&quot;)(grunt);\n\n  grunt.initConfig({\n    pkg: pkg,\n    bitimports: {\n      site: {\n        files: [{\n          cwd: &quot;site&quot;,\n          src: [&quot;main.js&quot;, &quot;img/**/*&quot;, &quot;style/**/*&quot;, &quot;*.html&quot;, &quot;.nojekyll&quot;],\n          dest: &quot;_site&quot;\n        }],\n        watch: {\n          followSymlinks: true\n        },\n        plugins: [{\n          name: &quot;js&quot;,\n          extensions: [&quot;js&quot;],\n          transform: {\n            handler: &quot;babel-bits&quot;,\n            options: {\n              presets: [&quot;es2015&quot;],\n              sourceMap: &quot;inline&quot;\n            }\n          }\n        }]\n      }\n    }\n  });\n\n  grunt.registerTask(&quot;build&quot;, [&quot;bitimports:site&quot;]);\n};\n</code></pre>\n");